yeah  probably
yes  a full
probably  your son to go into the cyprians rather than a door that generates
while  within the i think some people like imagine if you told your dad another
three  of course not now my models right now i godmamma six sat
in  a slap
and  selling for twenty million dollars forty save
gallatin  that have had the governess before came out with
another  incredible article saying that recited health make and me with rashly fancied
gig  and as it lalotte actual scandals that liner is committing the united states needs two jobs
to  survive its great as a great pagan that is also the actually incredible
part  of this rolling wrong within it no
what  have you done like earthquakes me about the dislike to you work for the new
york  post your net output is a negative you make the world a worse like people that are
only  an make the world a better place he put our content that people can crinkett
is  infinitely better and had infinitely more utility and it's not like she's doing
something  bad like it's always a racial my life i've been
seized  ayuntamiento
of  social media is feeling simple a sort of outlet
into  or even developed a more meaningful bond with the content creator that you
love  in the content of his creating
you  are just to set about the
that's  the difference most of the people that precise sex wore criticise it on on
tanical  terms
more  often than not they're not pressing the work itself there is reciting the sex part
of  the work is i know feminists only finish is babbies people who use it to sell out the morning is desires
a  man what do you think i don't care like i don't theatreland
would  rather have people speculate on their own terms than on other people's prosopopoeia
the  way that i thought about it was wanting at the
for  i did you know right out what i think right now as i saw
basically  kind of most abiding cities but it's all sensitive and a this
consent  as it is i am ready with
for  my
ready
so  the way they thought about it is
already  gone down that line of
it  begun
so  if i could make a
the  same kind of thing mentalities ship with malodorous all
alone  it's no different really from what i'm doing at the moment
because  it's a anarchist a badly so bucketshop
their  work you sit down i go pasoeroean choisir masturbation
smith  the shock and garlanded
they  know him surely the sensations there a dinner with
the  family right now how his house that set
ah  well
he  was my man when
what  about the
he's  not in my life
he  had beaten what are we talking here you on my making
this
we  just sort of make it
as  talking to camera or
so  i personally the actual phonography are you really ignoring the use of pornography is a patriarchial
capitalization  in mercantilistic of women also northeasters enslavement of women as sexual workforce
and  seaward what did i tell
the  canard inherently all work is enslaved
so  i do all of it all the way up but if you want to see all of it a
typically  have to pay more than just
give  me give me a sense of what i would need to pay to what it would i mean we took
or  is it much more ease
it  may interfere strengthless
and  then if you want to see a boy girl poor no poor no a class
then  that usually the going presented
talking  about sexual enslavement it's like a
really
you're  really going to see
and  say you love watching
sport  is over all a net benefit in as far as entertainment goes when
gladiators  were not going to talk about the history of gladiating in slave to kill one another
why  you talk about washing sports when acting gladiators you takin another as
slaves  you might fourteen thousand dollars in the month laprairie
motioning  me was thunderous
dollars  but bathe some women have to resort to it to make ends meet but they shouldn't have to go to want to there
are  women and men out there resorting to sex work because they have no other option what you're
supposed  to do for them is make
situation  as good for them as
o  you don't fringilline for example online tools they have to make
their  sex work a more
enjoyable  experience
tell  me begone make be
already  are on the outskirts of society in some other ways so they failed to
into  and they like really don't have a lot to lose
again  the bottom tier like what how far down in
at  laketon have at a college job that they got
and  then another part or people who sort of
realize  that this is actually the best way to earn money for the least amount of work
and  i like doing a little bit more
and  so i think i've a little bit more on the strategic formal though i did get into it like the survival sexagonal
got  into this
originally  a fundamental is christian who is home scoldin isolated from the outside world it was like a pretty
like  environment and i was expected to greencoat housewife and have kids and like
and  section looks like you go to college to find a man whose like really explicitly told
that  we do you don't have a future outside family and so after i like left
home  you know i couldn't afford to college because my parents made to it money for me to get loans but they wouldn't give
me  any help so i didn't go to college i was working in a factory for like hours
a  week no windows and it was
and  eventually i was like
i  don't have any options really like what do i want to do with my life i don't want to work for minimum wage
so  i tried doing some self employment stuff that i eventually found among which is
similar  to only ten but live so you is kind of like this like a michigan then you can
type
in  the
i  did that for five years and that was when i built up my twitter which is the one that her
and  then after i quit coming i quit serenely for a couple of years to go into
then  it converted that twitter to like my main stream like the safe forward better
so  that actually used to be my original or titter way back in the day and if you do scolaire nothing at a little
bit  beresina does
sing  me
as  i
i
i  think
their  lives
a  surprisingly high amount of women in the rationality community have
surprise  i think it just sort of happened
if  you are like have the kind of like overly analytical like high couple mind
and  in a community that does n't going to judge you i think it's just like it makes sense
wouldn't  you do it
i  just work it's like talking about how we need to abolish mcdonald
to  you have boundaries i mean the things that you want
all
jobs  that you take on our going to be absolutely fucking disastrous instead of abolishing
that  job in its entirety but we must do is make that a more fulfilling
experience  for those who work in the sectors
what  you think forking working a macdonald is fulfilling and great now is not the way
we  treat sex workers is basically like all that job sucks and i know better than you you
shouldn't  do it you don't want to do it but you're doing it right now so i'm going to make sure that you
a  line
were  you
you  know you put poitain charging on something percent of
contributors  and only fans basically make nothing or make
if  the argument to
a  strong person and you've been incredibly successful with it
setting  example or its encouraging
thousands  of other people
this  part who may be less well suited
and  who then
feeling  shitty about it and not making any money any
i  think that this is definitely possible
and  i think that a lot of girls in that exact spot right now like it's very popular they
never  done sex work before it seems to be kind of normal life and their like will give it a try they set up in the
they  can get anybody to subscribe to them and then they give up
i  think this is like most of the lower range
working  the
very  valid
also  we have to be careful not to like apply art standards to individuals
making  it the best design
a  lot of people are poorer than you might think and to them even being on the flat end is still
election  money
could  be they don't have any other
so  like while i'm sympathetic too like as a whole this might be sure of
encouraging  phenomenon for people who are doing what might be in the best interest i still
to  try to
stay  on the side of people know what's best for them individually like it's not our right
someone  that
be  doing this
you  are on ironically participating in deep patriarchal understanding the
antiquated  patrol understanding of how every time a woman has
probably  it must be like some form of exploitation this is not
problem  because ye not be owner of only fans your mount just
the  existence
the
better  than the world was before
then  i had that